This is a little app for Windows Mobile to help me learn kanji. It is
not a standalone srs software, not by a long shot. It is only a
supplement to desktop Anki. It uses 2 python scripts to export and
import data to Anki.

You (obviously) need python. I used python27, didn't test the others.
You need to edit the python scripts and replace the anki deck name.
Maybe I will add a gui later... It's fine the way it is though.

Basically it goes like this:
1) export due reps and new cards (fromanki.py)
2) do reps on Windows Mobile device (mysrs.exe)
 * optionally learn new cards
3) import answer data to Anki (toanki.py)

All of this is based on my Anki setup. It's called Lazy Kanji Mod. In a
nutshell, it is based on the RTK (remembering the kanji) by Heisig.
You are shown a kanji, and you need to remember the keyword. You can
read 2 stories as hints. My anki deck has top 2 stories for every kanji
from the RevTK website (reviewing the kanji). It is a shared deck,
everyone can download it. However there is one little modification I had
to do: replace all mentions of keywords in the stories with _______.

repsnew.txt holds new cards
repstodo.txt holds due cards
repsdone.txt holds done reps

python scripts use official libanki

mysrs app uses wxWidgets for WinCE

I have compiled wxWidgets 2.8.something with vs2008 both debug and
release, static libs.

A little history. I have a Windows Mobile device that doesn't have an
internet connection. I wanted to have the possibility of doing reps
wherever I go, when I have a minute or something. It adds up, I didn't
really do anything, and by the end of the day I did a couple of hundreds
of reps. Priceless, compared to the usual desktop approach of doing all
in one go. Or not doing =) Anyway, I searched the net for a ready app,
but all I could find is ankimini, which despite following the
instructions and downloading a package made specifically to work with
WinCE I couldn't make to work. The reason was IE Mobile can't access
localhost or 127.0.0.1 without a working internet connection. I tried
zillion of fixes and browsers neither of which worked. So I decided to
write my own app. And I did.
The app is made specifically for my needs. I doubt that that a lot of
people would want to use it, since my constraints and my kanji learning
setup are kind of rare.
However I do think that there are probably a couple of folks that could
use this, and this is why I decided to make a public repo so everyone
can download, use, tweak, maybe even improve it.

Even if there is just one person that finds this useful, it was still
worth the trouble of releasing it =)